The differ await suspense
up produces an error and
the council were on page load
where it says uncaught error this
suspense boundary received an update
before it finished hydrating.
This caused a boundary just
switch to client rendering.
Is that something we should worry about?
>> Well, I do not see that myself.
So here I'm not deferring.
Let me just give you this.
Okay, yes, I am seeing that myself.
I'm not sure about that,
I haven't seen this before so
what we actually just gonna test this out.
We actually recently realized
that one problem with hydrating
is that it can cause
a stutter on scroll so
if the app loads with HTML and
you start scrolling and
then hydration happens,
it will stop the scroll temporarily.
It's super annoying.
And you can actually solve that
really easily with built in React
features with startTransition.
So if we have startTransition from React,
we put that inside of here,
that is going to make this possible for
React to use its concurrent features.
So that it will be able to
pause as the user's scrolling.
So if the user is scrolling and it's
hydrating, it will be able to do work in
little chunks, so it doesn't cause
stutter, actually pretty cool.
So I wonder if that fixes it,
it doesn't look like it does, so
I'm not sure what this is and,
yeah, probably,
I mean it doesn't cause an actual
problem in the app, but
be something to look into in the future,
sorry.